So we left off with pretty good looking.
And now it's time to add some information over here and that's going to be a component that we're going
to call homepage before we have this component.
We want to start thinking about our Wrath's.
So where are those routes going to live.
Well let's go make a new container we'll call this mean that Jesus and mintage yes is going to be responsible
for our routing logic so inside.
Yes.
What are we gonna start doing here.
Well once again we'll import re-act from re-act and this is going to be a statelets functional components
so we don't need a structure component but it's also going to include some information from the store.
So we're going to place it as a container as well.
Let's import some things from re-act Robert.
Will you switch route with router and redirect.
We're gonna need all these to make sure that we're correctly passing prompts down to our components
that can use the Riak router.
And so that we can specify the current route that we're on as well as redirect when we need to.
So what else are we going to need here nothing for now.
We're going to bring in a lot more later.
We're going to make a component called me and we're just going to get some props.
It's going to then run a function is going to return a component so will do is simply just return a
class of catena
and inside of this class of container we're going to place our switch component.
So which component is going to allow us to have multiple routes and if we want to add four or four logic
we can easily do that inside us which we're going to have our first route.
And this is simply going to be your route and exact path to slash what this means because that will
only trigger when we're at that where slash and when we go here we want to make sure that we render
a certain component What's the component that we want to render.
It's going to be called home page.
But before we just render that component we want to actually run a function and pass some props to that
component.
So we're going to pass along some props to the home page component.
We haven't made this component yet so we're going to get some errors if we run this but let's first
pass in all those props to your home page.
This is going to be helpful so at the home page can route as well.
So also make sure that our syntax is correct.
Let's make sure that we close the rock component as well.
The syntax is a little bit tricky.
We're rendering a function which renders the home page component and we want to pass along any props
from Riak router as well.
So what prompts are we also going to get aside from re-act router props.
Well let's explore it a default with router.
This will allow us to actually get those props from the router to our component these components will
be able to use the history object to redirect which we'll see and load it later.
So let's export a default with router and before we do that with router lets make sure that we connect
to the App Store as well.
So we're going to import connect from re-act redux.
What are we going to do inside of there.
Well let's make sure.
What are we going to do down here.
Let's also make sure we have a mandate to props that's going to accept some kind of state and return
an object and keys that we place here will be placed onto props.
So let's go get information around the current user.
So in prop's We'll have the current user which refers to everything on that current user in this day
what are we going to be using this current user.
We will in a little bit because a home page will either display a landing page or the timeline of messages.
So we're going to need some safe from the current user to help determine that we're setting this up
as a placeholder.
We're going to use this in a little bit but it's important to think about so that if we're placing this
component inside of our containers folder we actually do connect it to the redux.
We find that we don't need that state.
We can always move it to our components folder so we're going export default with router.
We're then going to wrap this with the connect function and inside we're going to see the props and
we don't have anything in that dispatched profiteroles that that is now and then was passed in our main
component so we'll call our main component once we connected with the redux store.
So now we're using a component called home page that we don't have.
So let's go make sure we import one page from well this component isn't going to have too much redux
the.
So it doesn't need to connect to our next store.
So it's going to be our first component that I-Slash components slash homepage our home page is simply
a picture of the server that will say sign out or sign in.
And now we want to make sure that when we go to the flash we go to the Ruga we render the whole page
complete.
I'm working on it in the next section.